Vanilla - Classic ice cream flavor made from vanilla beans.
Chocolate - Rich and creamy ice cream made with cocoa.
Strawberry - Sweet ice cream made with fresh strawberries.
Mint Chocolate Chip - Mint-flavored ice cream with chocolate chips.
Cookies and Cream - Ice cream with crushed chocolate cookies.
Butter Pecan - Creamy ice cream with roasted pecans and butter flavor.
Rocky Road - Chocolate ice cream with marshmallows and nuts.
Coffee - Coffee-flavored ice cream with a bold taste.
Salted Caramel - Sweet and salty ice cream with caramel swirls.
Pistachio - Ice cream flavored with roasted pistachio nuts.
Neapolitan - Combination of vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry ice cream.
Lemon Sorbet - Refreshing lemon-flavored frozen dessert.
Mango - Creamy ice cream made with ripe mangoes.
Peach - Sweet ice cream made with fresh peaches.
Raspberry Ripple - Vanilla ice cream with raspberry swirls.
Birthday Cake - Ice cream flavored like a birthday cake with sprinkles.
Green Tea - Ice cream made with matcha green tea powder.
Blackberry - Sweet ice cream made with fresh blackberries.
Almond - Creamy ice cream with a hint of almond flavor.
Coconut - Coconut-flavored ice cream with a tropical taste.
Cherry Garcia - Cherry ice cream with chocolate chunks.
Tiramisu - Coffee-flavored ice cream with layers of cocoa and mascarpone.
Cinnamon - Ice cream with a hint of cinnamon spice.
Maple Walnut - Ice cream flavored with maple syrup and walnuts.
Dolce de Leche - Caramel-flavored ice cream with a creamy texture.
Malt - Ice cream with a malted milk flavor.
Ginger - Spicy and sweet ice cream flavored with ginger.
Honeycomb - Ice cream with chunks of honeycomb candy.
Toffee - Ice cream with buttery toffee bits.
Raspberry Cheesecake - Creamy cheesecake ice cream with raspberry swirls.
S'mores - Ice cream with graham cracker pieces, chocolate, and marshmallows.
Peanut Butter Cup - Ice cream with peanut butter and chocolate chunks.
Apple Pie - Ice cream flavored like apple pie with cinnamon and apple pieces.
Strawberry Cheesecake - Ice cream with a cheesecake base and strawberry swirl.
Mojito - Mint and lime-flavored ice cream with a hint of rum.
Dulce de Leche - Rich caramel-flavored ice cream.
Chocolate Mint - Mint ice cream with rich chocolate swirls.
Pina Colada - Tropical ice cream with pineapple and coconut flavors.
Carrot Cake - Ice cream flavored like carrot cake with spices and raisins.
Pumpkin Spice - Pumpkin-flavored ice cream with spices like cinnamon and nutmeg.
Blueberry - Sweet ice cream made with fresh blueberries.
Irish Cream - Creamy ice cream with a hint of Irish cream liqueur.
Lime Sorbet - Refreshing sorbet made with lime juice.
Peanut Butter Banana - Ice cream with banana and peanut butter flavors.
Matcha Green Tea - Ice cream flavored with matcha green tea powder.
Spumoni - Italian ice cream with layers of chocolate, pistachio, and cherry flavors.
Churro - Ice cream flavored with cinnamon and sugar, reminiscent of churros.
Mango Sticky Rice - Thai-inspired ice cream with mango and sticky rice flavors.
Tropical Fruit - Ice cream with a mix of tropical fruits like pineapple and mango.
Cookies and Cream Cheesecake - Ice cream with cheesecake base and cookie chunks.
Lemon Meringue Pie - Ice cream flavored like lemon meringue pie with swirls of lemon and meringue.
Black Sesame - Ice cream with a nutty and rich black sesame flavor.
Creme Brulee - Ice cream with a caramelized sugar and vanilla flavor.
Chili Chocolate - Chocolate ice cream with a spicy kick of chili.
Coconut Pineapple - Ice cream with coconut and pineapple flavors.
Orange Creamsicle - Ice cream with orange and vanilla flavors.
Lavender Honey - Ice cream with floral lavender and sweet honey.
Fudge Brownie - Ice cream with chunks of rich brownie and fudge swirls.
Raspberry Lemonade - Ice cream with raspberry and lemon flavors.
Gingerbread - Ice cream with warm gingerbread spices.
Sweet Cream - Vanilla-flavored ice cream with a creamy, sweet taste.
Red Velvet - Ice cream flavored like red velvet cake with cream cheese swirls.
Cinnamon Roll - Ice cream with cinnamon and swirls of frosting.
Cherry Almond - Cherry ice cream with almond flavor and chunks.
Mango Lassi - Ice cream inspired by the traditional Indian mango yogurt drink.
Rum Raisin - Ice cream with raisins soaked in rum.
Blue Moon - Blue-colored ice cream with a fruity flavor.
Apple Cinnamon - Ice cream with apple and cinnamon flavors.
Sour Cherry - Tart cherry-flavored ice cream.
Pistachio Rose - Pistachio ice cream with a hint of rose water.
Peach Cobbler - Ice cream with peach flavor and biscuit pieces.
Ginger Peach - Peach ice cream with a touch of spicy ginger.
Caramel Macchiato - Coffee-flavored ice cream with caramel swirls.
Strawberry Rhubarb - Ice cream with a sweet and tart strawberry and rhubarb mix.
Espresso - Intense coffee-flavored ice cream.
Toasted Coconut - Ice cream with toasted coconut flakes.
Black Currant - Ice cream made with tangy black currants.
Rum Raisin - Ice cream with rum-soaked raisins.
Coconut Almond - Ice cream with coconut and almond flavors.
Key Lime Pie - Ice cream with tangy lime flavor and graham cracker crust.
Maple Pecan - Ice cream with maple syrup and crunchy pecans.
Taro - Ice cream flavored with taro root, a sweet purple root vegetable.
Cherry Almond - Cherry ice cream with a touch of almond.
Bourbon Vanilla - Vanilla ice cream with a hint of bourbon.
Strawberry Banana - Creamy ice cream with strawberry and banana flavors.
Blackberry Sage - Ice cream with fresh blackberries and a hint of sage.
Carrot Cake - Ice cream flavored like spiced carrot cake with cream cheese frosting.
Peanut Butter Swirl - Ice cream with peanut butter swirls throughout.
Coconut Matcha - Coconut ice cream with matcha green tea flavor.
Raspberry Chocolate Chip - Raspberry ice cream with chocolate chips.
Tropical Citrus - Ice cream with a blend of tropical citrus fruits.
Cinnamon Swirl - Ice cream with a swirl of cinnamon and sugar.
Nutella - Chocolate hazelnut ice cream flavored with Nutella.
Strawberry Kiwi - Ice cream with a blend of strawberry and kiwi flavors.
White Chocolate Raspberry - White chocolate ice cream with raspberry swirls.
Peach Melba - Ice cream with peach and raspberry sauce.
Chocolate Peanut Butter - Chocolate ice cream with peanut butter swirls.
Rhubarb Vanilla - Vanilla ice cream with tart rhubarb compote.
Black Sesame Honey - Ice cream with black sesame and honey flavors.
Matcha Almond - Ice cream with matcha green tea and almond flavors.